---
layout: post
title: Week One: Hello World
---

<b>What did you do this past week?</b>
Since this week was the first week of the semester class wasn't that eventful. We went over some of the basics of C++, some of the tools we will be using in the class including Docker and Travis, and looked at some examples of how operators are evaluated. Outside of this class I nailed down my classes for the semester: OOP, Cyberphysical Systems, Gov 312L, and Chem 301 as well as Proctoring CS312 Introduction to Programming. I also worked on my player for the Battlecode contest and we had our first tournament.

<b>What's in your way?</b>
I was caught off guard by the first daily quiz. In algorithms I could get away with just quickly looking over my notes to prepare for quizzes but it this class I clearly need to spend more time studying. Overall I have a number of time consuming classes this semester as well as proctoring duties so I need to stay on top of homework and readings so I don't fall behind or get overwhelmed.

<b>What will you do next week?</b>
Next week I will read the three papers assigned for this class as well as chapters 1 and 2 of the textbook. I will also learn to use some of the tools, practice some C programming, and start working on Project 1 which is due the following week.

<b>What's my experience of the class?</b>
So far it is very positive. I'm excited to get to use some of the tools that we discussed in class and I find Downing's lectures very interesting.

<b>What's my pick-of-the-week or tip-of-the-week?</b>
Battlecode is an MIT run AI programming contest that I am currently participating in. Teams each programs scripts that dictate the behavior of units on a battlefield and they compete against other teams. If you are interested in AI programming, just like a challenge, or want an opportunity to brush up on some of your programming skills, it's definitely worth checking out