---
layout: post
title: Week Six
---

<b>What did you do this past week?</b>
This week for Object Oriented programming I read a paper on the Open-Closed Principle. The open closed principle says that modules within a program should be open for extension but closed for modification. We also discussed mean squared error and how classes, structs, and levels of protection work within c++. I went over some material for the exam on March 2nd although I made less progress than I would have liked since I also had to proctor and grade exams from CS312.

<b>What's in your way?</b>
I feel like I am understanding the material and I did well on two of the three quizzes this week but I am concerned about the first exam since I have no idea what it will be like. Fortunately, I don't have to grade a 312 assignment this week and I don't have any other exams so I should have lots of time to go over stuff.

<b>What will you do next week?</b>
I will spend most of this week studying for the exam and trying to get ahead on my other classes so I have time to go to HackUTD next weekend.

<b>What's my experience of the class?</b>
As I said above I feel like I am getting the material but I am concerned about the exam as I don't know what it will be like. Hopefully if I study enough I should be able to do fine regardless though.

<b>What's my pick-of-the-week or tip-of-the-week?</b>
Hackathons are a great way to gain experience, learn about new technologies, and get cool projects to put on your resume. In the space of 24 hors you get to make a complete project. They are also great opportunities to either meet new people or to get to work with friends on a project.